1€The spaceport of Sycorax is bathed in purple-red light. It's a hodge podge of the most unwanted and dirty in the Solar System; criminals, pirates, and illegal traders. You've been looking around for an easy job at a good price.€HeadtotheBar HeadtotheDocks
11€Hidden to the right of the trash chute, the Bar is everything you'd expect from Syncorax. Loud, brassy music clashes against the constant chatter of customers. The Bar owner is a pudgy humanoid (possibly a native of Ceres?) wearing oil-stained clothes. He's sure to have a few bounties up his sleeve.€Ask
12€The Docks are a confused collection of ship berths, clustered together with all sorts of tunnels, pipes, and walls. It's a mess. After an hour of searching against the hot winds, you've gathered two potential candidates; one, a hardened space trader from Mercury, the other, a retired ship captain from just outside the Kuiper Belt.€AskTheTrader AskTheCaptain
111€"You wanna job? I got one near th'Boiler." His voice, low and metallic, is filled with the sounds of clicking gears. "One of them natives blew apart'a cargo ship, cost me a couple thousand galactic credits. Now they gonna pay." He stoops down low. "Kill 'em. Kill 'em all. I'll send ya the coordinates."€Accept RequestAnother€Locus;ExuroTheHungry
121€At first glance, she looks almost human, beautiful even. Sleek midnight hair trails down her dark eyes, covering them, cascading in strands until her waist. On her neck, a jade pendant lies on tanned skin. That's when you notice the implants; small, glinting bits of metal here and there. A shame, really.€Ask
122€Shabby and hunched, the ship captain reminds you of the secluded hermits on Eres. Wisps of smoke float from his pipe, an ancient device. Combined with his long, white beard, you have a feeling the captain's as old as he looks. His grey eyes lock on to you instantly. "Whadda want?"€Ask
1112€"Scared of th'Boiler? I don blame ya. She's the terror of th'Galaxy." He fills up a metal cup with blue liquid, then passes it to a customer. "Now that I think of it...I have a small bounty on a certain trader, the name's Yukima. She's a dangerous one all right, hangin' out in Gaymede. Think ya can do it?"€Accept€Cygnus-Q;GigasTheSteady
1211€"Ha^! A job? Give me a break." Her voice is undoubtedly synthesized. "If you really want one, there's a small job at Cephei, one of them supergiants. If you can handle it." There's a certain smugness in her voice. Her fingers tap on the counter, tack tack tack, with mechanical precision. They're metal.€Accept€Ursa-Major;GigasTheSteady
1221€"A job?" His heavy accent gives away his native planet (or dwarf, for that matter)-Haumea. "Let us see here." He strokes his beard, then puts away his pipe. "Down in Sector 41, around Rhea, there are a couple small cargo ships containing precious Ionite. Return them to me, and I will pay you handsomely. I will even lend you my own ship."€Accept€TheWeavingGirl;ExuroTheHungry

